Xiaofan has you everywhere, you little security guard
Where did you come from?
Right.
Xiaofan, this yard is full of bodyguards arranged by uncle
Logically speaking
They should
I won't let people in casually
Well, this one.
It's okay. It's okay.
Just come.
You call me
Since we are friends, I will definitely come
friend
You said this little security guard is your friend
To uncle
He is a security guard
How could he cure your grandfather's illness?
Uncle and grandpa are already like this
Why don't you let the small board try it?
Miss Bureau
This is not taking the life of Mr. Xu as his life
I already said that.
Mr. Xu is terminally ill
Except my master
No one will fill it in
What the hell are you laughing at?
trivial poison
There's nothing you can do.
Can't I laugh?
It's just a little poison
If you can wake up Mr. Xu today
Zhou Jing kneels down and kowtows to you, calling grandpa
No, that's what you said.
I, Zhou Jing, say the same
Wait to call grandpa